Whether it be online shopping or social media, secular forces are propelling consumer internet businesses forward. But it’s not all sunshine and rainbows as consumer purchasing power can make or break demand. This unpredictability is weighing on returns as the industry has posted a flat return over the past six months while the S&P 500 was up 3.3%.

Investors should tread carefully as only a handful of companies in this space are positioned for long-term success due to the intense competition. With that said, here are three internet stocks best left ignored.

The RealReal (REAL)

Market Cap: $592.6 million

Founded by consignment store aficionado Julie Wainwright, The RealReal (NASDAQ: REAL) is an online marketplace for buying and selling secondhand luxury goods.

Why Are We Cautious About REAL?

Preference for prioritizing user growth over monetization has led to 5.5% annual drops in its average revenue per user

Cash burn makes us question whether it can achieve sustainable long-term growth

Depletion of cash reserves could lead to a fundraising event that triggers shareholder dilution

The RealReal’s stock price of $5.32 implies a valuation ratio of 21x forward EV/EBITDA.Dive into our free research report to see why there are better opportunities than REAL.

Take-Two (TTWO)

Market Cap: $40.69 billion

Best known for its Grand Theft Auto and NBA 2K franchises, Take Two (NASDAQ:TTWO) is one of the world’s largest video game publishers.

Why Do We Think Twice About TTWO?

Efficiency fell over the last few years as its EBITDA margin declined by 8.3 percentage points because it pursued growth instead of profits

Incremental sales over the last three years were much less profitable as its earnings per share fell by 108% annually while its revenue grew

Long-term business health is up for debate as its cash burn has increased over the last few years

Take-Two is trading at $222.36 per share, or 18.6x forward EV/EBITDA.If you’re considering TTWO for your portfolio, see our FREE research report to learn more.

Expedia (EXPE)

Market Cap: $22.64 billion

Originally founded as a part of Microsoft, Expedia (NASDAQ:EXPE) is one of the world’s leading online travel agencies.

Why Are We Hesitant About EXPE?

Customer spending has dipped by 1.8% on average as it focused on growing its bookings

Highly competitive market means it’s on the never-ending treadmill of sales and marketing spend

Free cash flow margin dropped by 23.4 percentage points over the last few years, implying the company became more capital intensive as competition picked up

At $178.10 per share, Expedia trades at 7.2x forward EV/EBITDA.Check out our free in-depth research report to learn more about why EXPE doesn’t pass our bar.

High-Quality Stocks for All Market Conditions

When Trump unveiled his aggressive tariff plan in April 2025, markets tanked as investors feared a full-blown trade war. But those who panicked and sold missed the subsequent rebound that’s already erased most losses.

Don’t let fear keep you from great opportunities and take a look atTop 6 Stocks for this week. This is a curated list of ourHigh Qualitystocks that have generated a market-beating return of 183% over the last five years (as of March 31st 2025).

Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,545% between March 2020 and March 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Exlservice (+354% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today for free.

StockStory is growing and hiring equity analyst and marketing roles. Are you a 0 to 1 builder passionate about the markets and AI?See the open roles here.