Yahoo Finance's John Hyland tracks Wednesday's top market movers and stocks in this Market Minute.

Apple (AAPL) will announce anadditional $100 billion commitment to the USalongside President Trump, adding to its previous $500 billion pledge.

McDonald's(MCD) says economic stress is weighing on breakfast sales, with the CEO promising more value-focused options ahead.

Super Micro Computer(SMCI) stock sinks after the company cut its full-year revenue outlook, raising concerns over artificial intelligence (AI) server demand and pricing pressure.

Stay up to date on the latest market action, minute-by-minute, withYahoo Finance's Market Minute.

It's time for Yahoo Finance's Market Minute. US stocks pushing higher today as investors monitor trade updates and earnings releases. Meanwhile, Apple shares jumping, the company set to make an announcement at the White House today with CEO Tim Cook and President Trump. Maker of the iPhone will announce an additional $100 billion in commitments to the US. This comes after the company already committed to spend $500 billion in an effort to avoid hefty tariffs on its products. Plus, McDonald's says economic stress is weighing on breakfast sales. The company CEO is looking into what it can do to add more value for customers at breakfast, but didn't offer more details on its earnings call. And Super Micro plunging today after the company lowered its fiscal year revenue forecast and projected quarterly profit that fell short of estimates. The results raising questions about sales and pricing pressures around powerful AI servers. And that's your Yahoo Finance Market Minute. For more on what's trending on Yahoo Finance, scan the QR code below to track the best and worst performing stocks of the trading session.

Related Videos

Upstart stock sinks despite Q2 beat: CEO talks outlook & AI

Capri Holdings, Lucid, Toast: Trending Tickers

Oscar Health losses, Match Group outlook, Angi stock surges

Novo Nordisk warns copycat drugs continue weighing on sales