What Happened?

Shares of professional staffing firm Kforce (NYSE:KFRC) fell 6.4% in the afternoon session after analysts revised their price targets and earnings forecasts downward for the professional staffing firm. UBS Group trimmed its price target on the professional staffing company, while William Blair cut its earnings per share estimates for both 2025 and 2026. These revisions followed the company's recent second-quarter report, where it posted a 6.2% year-over-year sales decrease and provided disappointing revenue guidance. This weak outlook from Kforce arrived amid broader economic concerns, as a surprisingly weak U.S. jobs report signaled a cooling labor market, which often reduced corporate spending on staffing services.

The stock market overreacts to news, and big price drops can present good opportunities to buy high-quality stocks. Is now the time to buy Kforce?Access our full analysis report here, it’s free.

What Is The Market Telling Us

Kforce’s shares are not very volatile and have only had 7 moves greater than 5% over the last year. In that context, today’s move indicates the market considers this news meaningful, although it might not be something that would fundamentally change its perception of the business.

The previous big move we wrote about was 5 days ago when the stock dropped 3.4% on the news that a surprisingly weak U.S. jobs report was released, fueling concerns about a slowing economy. The U.S. economy added only 73,000 jobs, falling significantly short of economists' expectations, while figures for May and June were revised down, erasing 258,000 previously reported jobs. The professional and business services industry itself shed 14,000 jobs. This data points to a cooling labor market, fueling concerns of a slowing economy. A weaker economic outlook often leads to reduced corporate spending on key services like IT consulting and professional staffing, which directly impacts the sector's revenue and growth prospects. The report immediately increased investor expectations of an interest rate cut by the Federal Reserve.

Kforce is down 41.5% since the beginning of the year, and at $32.43 per share, it is trading 51.2% below its 52-week high of $66.46 from August 2024. Investors who bought $1,000 worth of Kforce’s shares 5 years ago would now be looking at an investment worth $1,109.

Here at StockStory, we certainly understand the potential of thematic investing. Diverse winners from Microsoft (MSFT) to Alphabet (GOOG), Coca-Cola (KO) to Monster Beverage (MNST) could all have been identified as promising growth stories with a megatrend driving the growth. So, in that spirit, we’ve identifieda relatively under-the-radar profitable growth stock benefiting from the rise of AI, available to you FREE via this link.