PRESS RELEASE

Share Buyback Transaction Details July 24 – July 28, 2025

Alphen aan den Rijn – July 29, 2025 - Wolters Kluwer(Euronext: WKL), agloballeader in professional information solutions, software and services,today reports that it has repurchased 144,684 of its own ordinary shares in the period from July 24, 2025, up to and including July 28, 2025, for €19.7 million and at an average share price of €136.22

The previously disclosed third-party agreements to repurchase €350 million in shares starting May 8, 2025, up to and including July 28, 2025, has hereby been fulfilled.

These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 26, 2025, under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 1 billion during 2025.

The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:

Share Buyback 2025

Period

Cumulative shares repurchased in period

Total consideration(€ million)

Average share price(€)

2025 to date

4,221,191

636.9

150.88

Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.

Further information is available on our website:

Download theshare buyback transactions excel sheet for detailed individual transaction information.

Weekly reports on theprogress of our share repurchases.

Overview ofshare buyback programs.

For more information about Wolters Kluwer, please visit:www.wolterskluwer.com.

###

About Wolters Kluwer

Wolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions, software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.

Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries, maintains operations in over 40 countries, and employs approximately 21,900 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn, the Netherlands.

Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX, Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).

For more information, visitwww.wolterskluwer.com, follow us onLinkedIn,Facebook,YouTubeandInstagram.

Media

Investors/Analysts

Stefan Kloet

Meg Geldens

Associate Director

Vice President

Global Communications

Investor Relations

press@wolterskluwer.com

ir@wolterskluwer.com

Forward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”, “should”, “could”, “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers, suppliers, and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal, tax, and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses, as well as risks related to mergers, acquisitions, and divestments. In addition, financial risks such as currency movements, interest rate fluctuations, liquidity, and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.

Attachment

2025.07.29 Share Buyback Transactions Jul 24 - 28 2025